Grandma ordered a dress from this store.
That's right.
Grandma is very sick.
This store is the highest point in the countryside.
Dress here
Order any one.
Ordinary people struggle for many lives
Where did grandma get so much money?
Luckily, I also ordered one here.
Can help the fainting grandmother.
Doing what?
Do you know where this is?
Dare to rush in
You don't change.
What's up?
We are not ordinary female compatriots here.
You guys pressed hard
Cao Tien was exclusive at the hotel and casually accepted a dress.
All are shipped by air from Australia.
The cheapest one is 30 million.
See if this outfit of yours adds up to no more than 300 VND.
Can poor people buy it?
Don't have dog eyes looking at short people.
You dress like a dog.
But then you won't be with this kind of poor people.
You are not a rich person either.
Just your Armani suit.
It's probably fake too.
Oh, poor body, quickly roll away.
This is the richest person in Long Xuyen.
The story family's only supreme princess card
Day water
Don't say this dress is 30 million for you.
That's 3 billion.
Three hundred million, I can easily make money.